doc: Crypto samples doc (#4779)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/crypto/hkdf/README.rst

   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The HMAC Key Derivation Function (HKDF) sample shows how to derive keys using a sample key, salt, and additional data.

Reviewer: "derive keys with the HKDF algorithm, using sample key, salt, and additional data"

Reviewer 2: I don't mind to do that but do we not write HKDF twice in a single sentence then?

Reviewer: No, I don't have a problem with the duplication.

> The HMAC Key Derivation Function (HKDF) sample shows how to derive keys using a sample key, salt, and additional data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The HMAC Key Derivation Function (HKDF) sample shows how to derive keys with the HKDF algorithm, using sample key, salt, and additional data
```
